{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
BANDWIDTH\
\
\
X \
	X grew up in Booger Hole, West Virginia, and always dreamed of expanding his diameter to scopes beyond god\'92s plan. Unfortunately, X\'92s mother died before he was born. He suffered intense damages that caused a need to expand his views on Arizonian society. When he was 7, 3 years after his mother gave him a guitar, X became best friends with Y, who taught him everything about width. \
\
Y \
	When it comes to love, Y also grew up in Booger Hole. Being well taught by his archery master, Y fell in love with the Amplified Network Router. After years of study at the conservatory, Y started experimenting with distortion pedals and reverb pedals, creating his signature sound. After passing out in a bar, Z sprayed narcan on Y, and they became best friends. The band started to shape itself. \
\
Z\
\
	Z was born in Coke County, Texas. Z never liked music, but loved noise. \'93If noise is uncomfortable sound, then pop music is noise to me.\'94 Z studied across the entire Coke County to find the perfect polyphonic metallic microwave teacher, and it wasn\'92t until high school that Z finally found his master. Diving deeply into his craft, Z felt inclined to travel, and prove his polyphonic metallic microwave skills to the world.}